UTStatsDB
  Copyright (C) 2002-2009  Patrick Contreras / Paul Gallier

The ranking system in UTStatsDB is loosely based on the ELO ranking system used 
in chess.  Each player starts with 0 rank points and gains points primarily by 
having a higher score than opposing team members or having more kills than other 
players (Deathmatch and Team Deathmatch).  Each score or frag is weighted 
against other players based on their rank points.  This means that if two 
players have 100 rank points for example, and they each kill each other 10 times 
(without any other modifiers, as explained later), neither will gain or receive 
points.  On the other hand, if one player has 100 rank points and the other 50 
rank points, then kill each other 10 times, the person will 100 rank points will 
lose some of those points while the person with 50 will gain the points the 
other player lost.

Killing sprees and multi-kills give bonuses when matching up two players to 
determine points.  The bonuses are counted as if the person had an extra score 
point or kill for each level of killing spree or multi-kill.  An "Unstoppable" 
killing spree or an "Ultra Kill" would each count as 4 extra points or kills for 
the player.

Suicides on the other hand will count against the player.  Suicides are 
calculated in by dividing up the total number of suicides a player has by their 
total number of kills or deaths then multiplying that figure by the number of 
kills and deaths inflicted or suffered against another player.  This figure, 
rounded up, is then subtracted from the points being calculated in.  The time a 
player spends in the match compared to the other players also affects rank 
calculation.

The ranking system for team games (including Team Deathmatch and excluding 
Invasion) only matches players against players on the other team.  Team Kills 
are treated as suicides.
